Craigslist and Google Maps Mashup Thingy: Day 11 – More Random Code
Published on April 29, 2007.
Today for the mashup thing, I did a bit of work on the main index page where each available city will show up as a marker.
So when someone goes to the root of the website, they’ll see a bunch of cities.
They can also pick the cities from a drop down menu, too.
This required a bit of more javascript and some template files, etc.
I did a little research on the person who did the Google Maps Craigslist mashup like two years ago.
Apparently he got a job at Google!
While that’s pretty awesome, I can’t see this project doing the same for me, since it’s something that’s already been done (and two years ago, which is an eternity in web time).
Rather, I’m just building this for my own use and perhaps for other people who wish there were more cities available in that HousingMaps mashup.
I came up with a name for the application.
I was going to call it CraigsMaps, but someone already has that domain name.
I’m thinking I should buy the domain name pretty soon, but what if I come up with a cooler name later!?
The app should be ready in a couple of days anyway.
Depending on how much extra stuff I want to cram in before I “launch” it.